optionalPackage/interfaces/Visitable.java
 optionalPackage.interfaces.Visitable
compulsoryPackage/allLocations/Church.java
 compulsoryPackage.allLocations.Church
compulsoryPackage/Map.java
 compulsoryPackage.Map
compulsoryPackage/Main.java
 compulsoryPackage.Main
optionalPackage/interfaces/Payable.java
 optionalPackage.interfaces.Payable
compulsoryPackage/interfaces/Visitable.java
 compulsoryPackage.interfaces.Visitable
compulsoryPackage/interfaces/Classifiable.java
 compulsoryPackage.interfaces.Classifiable
optionalPackage/interfaces/Classifiable.java
 optionalPackage.interfaces.Classifiable
compulsoryPackage/allLocations/Restaurant.java
 compulsoryPackage.allLocations.Restaurant
compulsoryPackage/allLocations/Museum.java
 compulsoryPackage.allLocations.Museum
compulsoryPackage/allLocations/Locations.java
 compulsoryPackage.allLocations.Locations
compulsoryPackage/City.java
 compulsoryPackage.City
compulsoryPackage/allLocations/Hotel.java
 compulsoryPackage.allLocations.Hotel
compulsoryPackage/interfaces/Payable.java
 compulsoryPackage.interfaces.Payable
optionalPackage/City.java
 optionalPackage.City
optionalPackage/Map.java
 optionalPackage.Map
optionalPackage/allLocations/Hotel.java
 optionalPackage.allLocations.Hotel
optionalPackage/allLocations/Restaurant.java
 optionalPackage.allLocations.Restaurant
optionalPackage/allLocations/Locations.java
 optionalPackage.allLocations.Locations
optionalPackage/allLocations/Church.java
 optionalPackage.allLocations.Church
optionalPackage/allLocations/Museum.java
 optionalPackage.allLocations.Museum
bonusPackage/allLocations/Locations.java
 bonusPackage.allLocations.Locations
bonusPackage/City.java
 bonusPackage.City
bonusPackage/interfaces/Classifiable.java
 bonusPackage.interfaces.Classifiable
bonusPackage/interfaces/Visitable.java
 bonusPackage.interfaces.Visitable
bonusPackage/Map.java
 bonusPackage.Map
bonusPackage/allLocations/Restaurant.java
 bonusPackage.allLocations.Restaurant
bonusPackage/interfaces/Payable.java
 bonusPackage.interfaces.Payable
bonusPackage/allLocations/Museum.java
 bonusPackage.allLocations.Museum
bonusPackage/allLocations/Church.java
 bonusPackage.allLocations.Church
bonusPackage/allLocations/Hotel.java
 bonusPackage.allLocations.Hotel
bonusPackage/TravelPlan.java
 bonusPackage.TravelPlan
optionalPackage/Main.java
 optionalPackage.Main
bonusPackage/Main.java
 bonusPackage.Main
optionalPackage/TravelPlan.java
 optionalPackage.TravelPlan
