compulsoryPackage/ConnectionManager.java
 compulsoryPackage.ConnectionManager
compulsoryPackage/GenresController.java
 compulsoryPackage.GenresController
compulsoryPackage/Database.java
 compulsoryPackage.Database
compulsoryPackage/MovieController.java
 compulsoryPackage.MovieController
compulsoryPackage/MovieDetails.java
 compulsoryPackage.MovieDetails
compulsoryPackage/CompulsoryMain.java
 compulsoryPackage.CompulsoryMain
optionalPackage/ConnectionManager.java
 optionalPackage.ConnectionManager
optionalPackage/Database.java
 optionalPackage.Database
optionalPackage/Genres_Keeper.java
 optionalPackage.Genres_Keeper
optionalPackage/Genres.java
 optionalPackage.Genres
optionalPackage/Persons.java
 optionalPackage.Persons
optionalPackage/Director.java
 optionalPackage.Director
optionalPackage/Actor.java
 optionalPackage.Actor
optionalPackage/Movie.java
 optionalPackage.Movie
optionalPackage/GenresController.java
 optionalPackage.GenresController
optionalPackage/Movies_Keeper.java
 optionalPackage.Movies_Keeper
optionalPackage/PersonController.java
 optionalPackage.PersonController
optionalPackage/MovieController.java
 optionalPackage.MovieController
optionalPackage/Person_Keeper.java
 optionalPackage.Person_Keeper
optionalPackage/OptionalMain.java
 optionalPackage.OptionalMain
optionalPackage/MovieDetails.java
 optionalPackage.MovieDetails
